Uncle, I'm not as good as you say
But I can assure you
As long as our Jingding real estate market
In a few years
It's going to get bigger.
You say so
I'm relieved
Ride the Wind
I'm glad I didn't make enemies with you before
In fact, from start to finish
I've never wanted to distance myself from anyone
But if others deceive too deeply
Then you really can't see me.
Anywhere
There will be a few flies
Fear of chaos in the world
Do you remember the last time?
Chat with you here
You have just entered the financial world
Now
You are already the boss of tens of billions
Who would have thought so soon?
Me? Maybe.
That's luck
Better than others
Don't be too complacent
Don't be humble
There is no richest man
It's pure luck.
I'm getting older.
I don't ask for anything.
Only hope
You can be nicer to Rose
Du Fu
I really like Qianwei
It's just that during this time
Been busy with the company going public
Once the company goes public
I will marry Qian Wei